# RpgKata
A TDD kata.  The main learning is how to control values generated by your production code when your tests run.

## Introduction
This kata has you simulate aspects of a role playing game.  The characters will get a random score each time they attempt an action.  That score will determine if they succeed.

To test drive your code, you will need to be able to control the random score generated when your tests run.

## Initial Functionality
### Individual Skill Tests
A character that is attempting a challenging task will add a relevant modifier (an aspect of their character) to a random number between 1 and 20 (a roll).  If the result is greater than or equal to the challenge level, they succeed.  Otherwise, they fail.

Write a method that takes in the type of modifier being used and the challenge level then returns if the character was successful.  How to handle the concept of a character and their modifiers is flexible.
#### Example
Paula is attempting to walk on a wire strung between buildings high above the city streets.  She has an **agility modifier** of +4 and the **challenge level** is 15.
- Paula rolls a 5 and fails
- Paula rolls a 11 and succeeds
- Paula rolls a 17 and succeeds

### Opposed Skill Tests
When two characters are competing against each other, they each roll and add their modifier.  The player with the higher total wins.  A tie is possible.

Write a method that determines and compares both players' scores and return the winner if there is one.  How to handle a tie and the concept of the characters and their modifiers is flexible.
#### Example
John and Paula are racing up a sheer rock face.  Paula is using hand and foot holds to climb.  John is using a rope to haul himself up the cliff.
Paula will use her **agility modifier** (+4).  John will use his **strength modifier** (+3).
- Paula rolls a 12, John rolls a 12 => Paula wins!
- Paula rolls a 10, John rolls a 11 => Tie
- Paula rolls a 13, John rolls a 15 => John wins!

### Having Advantage or Disadvantage
When a check is made with advantage two rolls are made and the higher one is kept.  When a check is made with disadvantage two rolls are made and the lower one is kept.

## Additional Functionality
There is a lot you could do from here.  Another way to practice controlling data generated by your code would be to deal with dates.

A character's birthday is a date and time that are an aspect of the character.  Test drive a method that can calculate the character's age down to the minute.

When your application is being used, it would use the current date and time to determine the age.  Your tests will need to control what your code thinks the current date and time are to be able to work correctly.
